{
	"postNumber" : 1,
	"date" : "2019-01-22",
	"head" : "A few things about the Circular Economy",
	"body" : [
		{"PARAGRAPH": "Circular economy is a concept that has recently received a lot of recognition and attention. But do you really know what circular economy means? What is the difference to recycling? And have you wondered how you can become a part of this sustainable business model? Here are five facts you need to know about the circular economy."},
		{"SUBHEADER": "What is the circular economy?"},
		{"PARAGRAPH": "The circular economy captures resources, recycles and refurbishes them and inserts them back (as secondary raw material) into the manufacturing circuit. Rather than discarding used goods, we can re-use them as parts of new products. Thereby, the circular economy intends to keep the values of the materials as high as possible. The establishment and proper functioning of the market for secondary raw materials is also crucial – the circular economy will bring the expected benefits only if recycled and refurbished materials can be traded and re-used in new products."},
		{"SUBHEADER": "Why should we even bother?"},
		{"PARAGRAPH": "Our current economy is linear and relies mainly on raw materials, natural resources and fossil energy. In the linear economy, we take resources, produce goods and ultimately dispose of them, generating enormous amounts of waste. As natural resources are not limitless and as the population is constantly growing, this system will not work in the long term. The resources used for the production thus need to be in a restorative and regenerative system, creating a sustainable material loop."},
		{"SUBHEADER": "How does the EU support the Circular Economy?"},
		{"PARAGRAPH": "As a robust regulatory and policy framework is crucial in Europe in order to make a circular economy work, the European Commission introduced the Circular Economy Package. It entails two main components: Firstly, a revision of the existing legislation on waste, including packaging waste, electronic waste, batteries, end-of-life vehicles and landfill. Secondly, an EU Action Plan, which introduces a programme of action with specific deadlines, covering the whole cycle from the product design to the market for secondary raw materials. The Action Plan identifies five priority areas: plastics, food waste, critical raw material, construction and demolition, and biomass and bio-based products."},
		{"SUBHEADER": "Is it not just recycling?"},
		{"PARAGRAPH": "While substituting secondary materials for primary materials can offer a part solution, recycling offers limited appeal as its processes are energy-intensive and generally downgrade materials. This leads to a continuing high demand for virgin materials. While this downcycling leads to a new lower-value product, upcycling, to transform waste or by-products into new materials of better quality, would be the preferable solution. The circular economy, on the other hand, goes beyond recycling. It is a restorative industrial system aiming at designing out waste. Recycling is a part of the circular economy. The goal is not just to design for better end-of-life recovery, but to minimise energy use."},
		{"SUBHEADER": "How can the consumer contribute to a more circular economy?"},
		{"PARAGRAPH": "It is the choice if millions of consumers to support or neglect the transition from a linear to a circular economy. An obstacle for this transition is the consumer’s attitude, influenced by fashion and marketing than by concerns about sustainability. It is thus crucial to raise consumers’ awareness. Furthermore, increased demand of consumers for products and services that are supportive of the circular economy will also create new business opportunities."}
	]
}